Chen Jingtian, your own daughter stole something
What can we do?
OK
Since you don't believe I'm Long Shuai
Then I'll show you what handsome is
Brick
Longjing Tian, look at the time
Long Shuai should also be there
You think you can fake it for a few minutes?
You fools
Longtian Hearing
subordinate
Please tell Long Shuai
Dragon Guard
Why did you kneel down to your former colleague?
How much did I pay you to be so shameless?
Shut up dragon tian
Bring me the surveillance now
Prove my daughter's innocence
Fortunately, the security here was bribed in advance
Broke the surveillance here
Hmph, there is also a collection management team.
Let them come and kneel on the wall
I, Longjingtian, let them see today.
Long memory is dragon water
Don't worry, I dare not hide it from you for so long.
But you trust me.
I can't help myself